well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
doctors and medics and photos
oh my we're going to talk about
judgments
titles and what women are allowed to do
because we found out some new
limitations this weekend
found out some new things that women
need to refrain from doing because it
might upset somebody
because those who are just truly
intimidated by women were out in full
force this weekend
it started with former second lady soon
to be first lady dr
jill biden being told that she shouldn't
call herself doctor
because she's not a medical doctor she's
only
a doctor of education which i personally
find hilarious because i know where the
word
doctor comes from and what a doctor it
qualifies you to do
and i would suggest that a teacher
calling herself doctor is
just wildly appropriate but the takeaway
was
well kiddo you know you don't really
need to be so proud of that
and just sit there and look pretty now
on the other end of the spectrum you had
a just
hard-hitting piece of reporting coming
from the new york post
detailing how a medic in new york had a
side gig
and that side gig was a a web page
that was only for her fans
if you're familiar with the website you
can imagine the kind of images there
this of course was used to attempt to
provoke some kind of moral
outrage before we go too far i would
point out that i know
a lot of people who have pages on that
particular site and i know people
in that industry more professionally
they are some of the nicest most moral
people i know
you on the other hand write through the
new york posts
you telling me you do that because of
the high ethical standards
the hard-hitting journalism you can find
in the metro section
i seriously doubt it
this was an opportunity
to showcase the disparity between
frontline healthcare workers
paramedics truly front line healthcare
workers
and the multi-billion dollar industry
that profits from them
showing how well they only can't all
make ends meet
that's what this could have been used to
show
but it wasn't of course it was used to
kick down because there's a certain
segment of the american population that
just truly enjoys that and that gets a
lot of good clicks
at the end of the weekend
the message the takeaway from this was
that if you're a woman
don't be proud of your educational
accomplishments don't be proud of your
brains don't be proud of your body don't
be proud if you have them both you can
do whatever you want in this world as
long as we
approve there are a whole lot of people
who do not understand that equality is
slowly becoming a thing in this country
they need to catch up in today's world a
woman has to be two things
who and what she wants anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day